activity_labels.txt 	values corresponding to the 6 activities	
                 	1  WALKING
			2  WALKING_UPSTAIRS
			3  WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS 
			4  SITTING
	            	5  STANDING 
			6  LAYING     
			The original data has the numeric data, the tidy data has the character labels applied.

dataSamsung		combined test and train data set with column names added including 2 columns for Activity and Subject
                        The Activity column has the numeric values. The Subject colum has a numeric identifer between 1 and 30 for every row.

features.txt		variable names for all columns in X_test  file (and X_train)
			These variable names were applied to the variables in X_test and stored in dataSamsung. 
			These variables are described in the features_info.txt file.
                                        
Samsung		        data set which is reduced to those columns with mean and std deviation data plus Activity and Subject identifiers
                        This dataset is a subset of dataSamsung

subject_test.txt	identifies the subject corresponding to each row of X_test
                        This variable was merged with X_test to apply the Subject identifier to each row.

subject_train.txt	identifies the subject corresponding to each row of X_train
			This variable was merged with X_train to apply the Subject identifier to each row.

tidySamsung		this is the Samsung  tidy dataset. grouped by activity and subject and mean applied to the measurements.
			This  data set is grouped by Activity and Subject.
			Mean has been applied to all the original measurements in Samsung to create the data for each of the measurement variables in this file.
			All variables from column 3 to 88  are numeric mean calculations for the Activity/Subject group pairs
			The Subject variable is an integer between 1 and 30.
			The Activity variable is a character string.

X_test.txt		contains all 561 measurements  for the test subjects

X_train.txt		contains all 561 measurements  for the train subjects

y_test.txt		identifies the Activity corresponding to each row in X_test
			This variable was used to populate the Activity variable in dataSamsung for the test data rows

y_train.txt		identifies the Activity corresponding to each row in X_train
			This variable was used to populate the Activity variable in dataSamsung for the train data rows
